Tidy Python improvements (#135950)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc-dev-guide/src/conventions.md

This uses a pinned version of `clang-format`, to avoid relying on the local
environment.

## Formatting and linting Python code

> The rustc repository contains quite a lof of Python code. We try to keep

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Rust repository contains quite a lof of Python code. We try to keep
```
